{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What does the computer program have to do? \
What is the purpose of this application? \
\
- To have an easy-to-navigate user interface that quickly takes a customer\'92s order and \
spits out a price.\
\
\
- It is going to take user input on click: \
- The customer will select the size of the pizza\
- The customer will select toppings. \
- When the customer selects the size of the pizza- a standard rate will be applied, \
- based on whether it is small, medium, large or extra large\
	Small- $7.99, Medium- $9.99 Large $12.99 Extra large - $14.99\
- Additional toppings will have a standard rate ($.75 per additional). \
- \
\
\
The program will output the size of the pizza selected\
The program will output the name of the toppings selected\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The program will output a standard price for a pizza with no extra toppings\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The program will be able to add the price together of the standard rate + price for \
toppings and output that. \
\
The program will track the number of toppings and output the appropriate total\
based on their selection. \
\
Take/save customer\'92s information, spit out the answer? \
Array involved, maybe some looping, mostly constructor/object and prototype creation. \
\
\
PIZZA CONSTRUCTOR: \
function pizza(size, toppings) \{\
	this.size = size;\
	this.toppings = toppings;\
	this.price = price;\
\}\
\
\
PIZZA OBJECT: \
var customerPizza = new pizza("medium, ["pepperoni", "sausage", "bacon", "cheddar\'94]);\
\
\
\
PRICE PROTOTYPE:\
pizza.prototype.fullPrice = function() \{\
	this.toppings.forEach(function(toppings) \{\
		this.price += .75;\
    \})\
\}\
\
if toppings != [];\
\
var tomatoes = \{\
	name: \'93tomatoes\'94;\
	price: .75;\
\};\
\
\
	if customerPizza.size === \'93extraLarge\'94 \{\
	this.price = 14.99;\
	\} if else customerPizza.size === "large" \{\
    	this.price = 12.99;\
  	\} if else customerPizza.size === "medium" \{\
    	this.price = 9.99;\
  	\} else \{\
	this.price = 7.99;\
  \}\
\};}